You can select different regions and based on the regions you can select the corresponding services available in those services.

You can create users and you can group users into different groups and they have some policies regarding them and they mean that every user has a particular access and they cant access everything

It is in json format.

1. Centralized Control of Your AWS Account

2.Shared Access to Your AWS Account

3.Granular Permissions

4.Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

5.Identity Federation

6.Temporary Credentials for Applications

You can create different sessions for different users and perform different functions.

Policies:

Policies are the rules that define what are to be done and what not.

Sid:An identifier for the statement.

Effect:Whether the statement allows or denies access.

Principal:Account/User/Role to which the policy applied to.

Action:List of actions this policy allows or denies.

Resource:List of resources to which actions applied to 

Condition:Condition for when this policy is in effect.

i AM READ ONLY ACCESS ALLOWS STEPHANE TO READ ANYTHING ON IAM.

Policy:

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "iam:GetUser",
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}


1. "Version": "2012-10-17"

This is the policy language version
2012-10-17 is the latest and standard version
It does not mean the policy was created in 2012

2. "Effect": "Allow"

This explicitly allows an action
(Other possible value is Deny)

3. "Action": "iam:GetUser"

Allows the GetUser API
This action lets the caller:

Retrieve information about an IAM user
Such as:

User name
User ARN
User ID
Creation date

4. "Resource": "*"

The action can be performed on any IAM user
However, GetUser has limited scope, so * is common here

MFA: Used to give multiple layers of authentication to your device.
